well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today is probably gonna be a
bad day today is probably gonna be a bad
day all signs point to today being a
pretty bad day we all knew this day was
coming
well I hoped it wouldn't but we all knew
deep down this day was coming it's here
now we have to go through it there's no
going around it we're gonna have to go
through it it does appear that the
denial that a lot of us were allowing
ourselves to live in it is about to be
shattered over the next few days and
it's hard to find the silver lining it's
hard to find anything positive in this
because there's gonna be a lot of
anxiety there's gonna be a lot of fear
there's gonna be a lot of anger and
there's gonna be a lot of tragedy we've
got to get our mind around that now it's
going to happen
but even as we are isolated we are not
alone think about when it was happening
in China think about watching Italy you
were rooting for them we all were
they're gonna be rooting for us this
isn't something that's happening to the
United States this isn't something
that's happening to New York this isn't
something that's happening to Miami or
New Orleans or LA this is something
that's happening to the world we are all
in this together and we need to remember
that it is the time to come together
while staying apart the doctors and
researchers in China they're not just
fighting for Chinese lives those in
Europe aren't just trying to save
Europeans and those here are just trying
to save Americans we are all in this
together
in the United States were isolated we
don't experience a lot of things that
other countries do our oceans protect us
they protect us from that they have
historically they couldn't protect us
from this it's here and we're gonna have
to deal with it but we are not alone
even if you are isolated and you are by
yourself you're not alone the emotions
that you're feeling the anxiety you have
the fear you have it is shared by
millions
and as you share that fear and that
anxiety with them allow those who still
have hope to share that with you we're
gonna get through this we don't have a
choice
it's gonna be rough there's going to be
a lot of imagery that we probably don't
want to see I would honestly recommend
limiting your immediate consumption if
you're not in one of these affected
areas that surging right now I wouldn't
watch it not too much there's no reason
to put yourself through that we're in
for a rough time but we will get through
it and we will get through it together
the entire world is rooting for you
anyway it's just a thought I'll try to
have a good day